创意共享法律条款

CC0 1.0 通用

创意共享公司不是一家法律事务所，不提供法律服务。分发此文档并不构成律师与客户之间的关系。创意共享以“按原样”基础提供此信息。创意共享不对使用此文档或根据此文档提供的信息或作品作出任何保证，并对因使用此文档或根据此文档提供的信息或作品而导致的损害不承担责任。

目的声明

世界上大多数司法管辖区的法律自动赋予原创作品的创作者和后续所有者（统称为“所有者”）独占的版权和相关权利（定义见下文）。

某些所有者希望永久放弃对作品的这些权利，以便为公共可以可靠地、无惧未来侵权索赔而构建、修改、融入其他作品、重用和尽可能自由地重新分发的创意、文化和科学作品的公共领域（“公共领域”）做出贡献。这些所有者可能会为促进自由文化的理想以及进一步创作创意、文化和科学作品，或通过他人的使用和努力来获得声誉或更广泛的作品分发而贡献于公共领域。

出于这些和/或其他目的和动机，并且没有任何额外的考虑或补偿的期望，关联 CC0 与作品的人（“确认者”），在他或她是该作品版权和相关权利的所有者的范围内，自愿选择将 CC0 应用于该作品，并根据其条款公开分发该作品，明白他或她在该作品中的版权和相关权利以及 CC0 对这些权利的

以下是您提供内容的中文翻译：

创意共享法律代码

CC0 1.0 通用

创意共享公司不是一家律师事务所，不提供法律服务。本文件的分发并不构成律师-客户关系。创意共享以“按现状”提供此信息。创意共享对使用本文件或根据本文件提供的信息或作品不作任何担保，并对因使用本文件或根据本文件提供的信息或作品而导致的损害不承担责任。

目的声明

世界上大多数司法管辖区的法律自动赋予原创作品的创作者和后续所有者（每个和所有人称为“所有者”）独占的版权及相关权利（定义如下）。

某些所有者希望永久放弃对作品的这些权利，以便为公众可以可靠地、无惧于后续侵权索赔而构建、修改、纳入其他作品、尽可能自由地重复使用和再分发的创意、文化和科学作品的公共领域（“公有领域”）做出贡献。这些所有者可能会为促进自由文化的理想以及进一步创作创意、文化和科学作品，或通过他人的使用和努力为自己的作品赢得声誉或更广泛的传播而贡献于公有领域。

出于这些和/或其他目的和动机，并且没有任何额外的考虑或补偿的期望，关联CC0与作品的人（“确认者”），在他或她作为作品的版权和相关权利所有者的范围内，自愿选择将CC0应用于作品，并根据其条款公开分发该作品，知晓他或她在作品中的版权和相关权利以及CC0对这些权利的含义和预期法律效果。

版权和相关权利。根据CC0提供的作品可能受版权和相关或邻近权利（“版权和相关权利”）保护。版权和相关权利包括但不限于以下内容： i. 复制、改编、分发、表演、展示、传播和翻译作品的权利； ii. 原作者和/或表演者保留的道德权利； iii. 与作品中描绘的个人形象或肖像相关的宣传和隐私权； iv. 保护作品不受不正当竞争的权利，受以下第4(a)段的限制； v. 保护作品中数据的提取、传播、使用和再使用的权利； vi. 数据库权利（如根据1996年3月11日欧洲议会和理事会第96/9/EC号指令关于数据库法律保护的规定及其任何国家实施，包括任何修订或后续版本）； vii. 基于适用法律或条约以及其任何国家实施的其他类似、等同或对应的权利。
放弃。在适用法律允许的最大范围内，确认者在此明确、全面、永久、不可撤销和无条件地放弃、放弃并交出所有确认者的版权和相关权利及相关索赔和诉因，无论现在已知或未知（包括现有及未来的索赔和诉因），在作品中（i）在全球所有领土，(ii) 在适用法律或条约提供的最大期限内（包括未来的时间延长），(iii) 在任何当前或未来的媒介和任意数量的副本中，以及 (iv) 出于任何目的，包括但不限于商业、广告或促销目的（“放弃”）。确认者为公众每个成员的利益而做出放弃，并对确认者的继承人和继任者造成不利影响，完全意图使该放弃不受撤销、取消、终止或任何其他法律或衡平法行动的干扰，以打扰公众对作品的安静享用，正如确认者明确的目的声明所设想的。
公共许可后备。如果放弃的任何部分因任何原因被判定为在适用法律下法律无效或无效，则放弃应在考虑确认者的明确目的声明的最大范围内保留。此外，在放弃被如此判定的范围内，确认者在此授予每个受影响的人一个免版税、不可转让、不可再授权、非独占、不可撤销和无条件的许可，以行使确认者在作品中的版权和相关权利（i）在全球所有领土，(ii) 在适用法律或条约提供的最大期限内（包括未来的时间延长），(iii) 在任何当前或未来的媒介和任意数量的副本中，以及 (iv) 出于任何目的，包括但不限于商业、广告或促销目的（“许可”）。许可应视为自确认者将CC0应用于作品之日起生效。如果许可的任何部分因任何原因被判定为在适用法律下法律无效或无效，则该部分的无效或无效不会使许可的其余部分无效，在这种情况下，确认者在此确认他或她不会（i）行使他或她在作品中的任何剩余版权和相关权利，或 (ii) 就作品主张任何相关索赔和诉因，任何情况下与确认者明确的目的声明相悖。
限制和免责声明。 a. 确认者持有的任何商标或专利权不因本文件而被放弃、放弃、交出、许可或以其他方式影响。 b. 确认者按现状提供作品，并不对作品作出任何形式的陈述或担保，无论是明示、暗示、法定或其他，包括但不限于所有权、适销性、特定目的的适用性、不侵权或缺陷的缺失、准确性或错误的存在或缺失的担保，无论是否可发现，所有这些均在适用法律允许的最大范围内。 c. 确认者不承担清除可能适用于作品或其任何使用的其他人的权利的责任，包括但不限于任何人对作品的版权和相关权利。此外，确认者不承担获取任何必要的同意、许可或其他权利的责任，这些权利是使用作品所需的。 d. 确认者理解并承认创意共享不是本文件的当事方，并对本CC0或作品的使用没有任何责任或义务。


Creative Commons Legal Code

CC0 1.0 Universal

    CREATIVE COMMONS CORPORATION IS NOT A LAW FIRM AND DOES NOT PROVIDE
    LEGAL SERVICES. DISTRIBUTION OF THIS DOCUMENT DOES NOT CREATE AN
    ATTORNEY-CLIENT RELATIONSHIP. CREATIVE COMMONS PROVIDES THIS
    INFORMATION ON AN "AS-IS" BASIS. CREATIVE COMMONS MAKES NO WARRANTIES
    REGARDING THE USE OF THIS DOCUMENT OR THE INFORMATION OR WORKS
    PROVIDED HEREUNDER, AND DISCLAIMS LIABILITY FOR DAMAGES RESULTING FROM
    THE USE OF THIS DOCUMENT OR THE INFORMATION OR WORKS PROVIDED
    HEREUNDER.

Statement of Purpose

The laws of most jurisdictions throughout the world automatically confer
exclusive Copyright and Related Rights (defined below) upon the creator
and subsequent owner(s) (each and all, an "owner") of an original work of
authorship and/or a database (each, a "Work").

Certain owners wish to permanently relinquish those rights to a Work for
the purpose of contributing to a commons of creative, cultural and
scientific works ("Commons") that the public can reliably and without fear
of later claims of infringement build upon, modify, incorporate in other
works, reuse and redistribute as freely as possible in any form whatsoever
and for any purposes, including without limitation commercial purposes.
These owners may contribute to the Commons to promote the ideal of a free
culture and the further production of creative, cultural and scientific
works, or to gain reputation or greater distribution for their Work in
part through the use and efforts of others.

For these and/or other purposes and motivations, and without any
expectation of additional consideration or compensation, the person
associating CC0 with a Work (the "Affirmer"), to the extent that he or she
is an owner of Copyright and Related Rights in the Work, voluntarily
elects to apply CC0 to the Work and publicly distribute the Work under its
terms, with knowledge of his or her Copyright and Related Rights in the
Work and the meaning and intended legal effect of CC0 on those rights.

1. Copyright and Related Rights. A Work made available under CC0 may be
protected by copyright and related or neighboring rights ("Copyright and
Related Rights"). Copyright and Related Rights include, but are not
limited to, the following:

  i. the right to reproduce, adapt, distribute, perform, display,
     communicate, and translate a Work;
 ii. moral rights retained by the original author(s) and/or performer(s);
iii. publicity and privacy rights pertaining to a person's image or
     likeness depicted in a Work;
 iv. rights protecting against unfair competition in regards to a Work,
     subject to the limitations in paragraph 4(a), below;
  v. rights protecting the extraction, dissemination, use and reuse of data
     in a Work;
 vi. database rights (such as those arising under Directive 96/9/EC of the
     European Parliament and of the Council of 11 March 1996 on the legal
     protection of databases, and under any national implementation
     thereof, including any amended or successor version of such
     directive); and
vii. other similar, equivalent or corresponding rights throughout the
     world based on applicable law or treaty, and any national
     implementations thereof.

2. Waiver. To the greatest extent permitted by, but not in contravention
of, applicable law, Affirmer hereby overtly, fully, permanently,
irrevocably and unconditionally waives, abandons, and surrenders all of
Affirmer's Copyright and Related Rights and associated claims and causes
of action, whether now known or unknown (including existing as well as
future claims and causes of action), in the Work (i) in all territories
worldwide, (ii) for the maximum duration provided by applicable law or
treaty (including future time extensions), (iii) in any current or future
medium and for any number of copies, and (iv) for any purpose whatsoever,
including without limitation commercial, advertising or promotional
purposes (the "Waiver"). Affirmer makes the Waiver for the benefit of each
member of the public at large and to the detriment of Affirmer's heirs and
successors, fully intending that such Waiver shall not be subject to
revocation, rescission, cancellation, termination, or any other legal or
equitable action to disrupt the quiet enjoyment of the Work by the public
as contemplated by Affirmer's express Statement of Purpose.

3. Public License Fallback. Should any part of the Waiver for any reason
be judged legally invalid or ineffective under applicable law, then the
Waiver shall be preserved to the maximum extent permitted taking into
account Affirmer's express Statement of Purpose. In addition, to the
extent the Waiver is so judged Affirmer hereby grants to each affected
person a royalty-free, non transferable, non sublicensable, non exclusive,
irrevocable and unconditional license to exercise Affirmer's Copyright and
Related Rights in the Work (i) in all territories worldwide, (ii) for the
maximum duration provided by applicable law or treaty (including future
time extensions), (iii) in any current or future medium and for any number
of copies, and (iv) for any purpose whatsoever, including without
limitation commercial, advertising or promotional purposes (the
"License"). The License shall be deemed effective as of the date CC0 was
applied by Affirmer to the Work. Should any part of the License for any
reason be judged legally invalid or ineffective under applicable law, such
partial invalidity or ineffectiveness shall not invalidate the remainder
of the License, and in such case Affirmer hereby affirms that he or she
will not (i) exercise any of his or her remaining Copyright and Related
Rights in the Work or (ii) assert any associated claims and causes of
action with respect to the Work, in either case contrary to Affirmer's
express Statement of Purpose.

4. Limitations and Disclaimers.

 a. No trademark or patent rights held by Affirmer are waived, abandoned,
    surrendered, licensed or otherwise affected by this document.
 b. Affirmer offers the Work as-is and makes no representations or
    warranties of any kind concerning the Work, express, implied,
    statutory or otherwise, including without limitation warranties of
    title, merchantability, fitness for a particular purpose, non
    infringement, or the absence of latent or other defects, accuracy, or
    the present or absence of errors, whether or not discoverable, all to
    the greatest extent permissible under applicable law.
 c. Affirmer disclaims responsibility for clearing rights of other persons
    that may apply to the Work or any use thereof, including without
    limitation any person's Copyright and Related Rights in the Work.
    Further, Affirmer disclaims responsibility for obtaining any necessary
    consents, permissions or other rights required for any use of the
    Work.
 d. Affirmer understands and acknowledges that Creative Commons is not a
    party to this document and has no duty or obligation with respect to
    this CC0 or use of the Work.
